What do clouds wear under their pants?	Thunderwear!
What kind of doctor is Dr. Pepper?	A Fizz-iscian!
Why are some books so thick?	It's a long story.
What do you call an alligator in a vest?	An in-vest-i-gator!
Where do fathers store their data?	In a dad-abase!
Where did the mom have to take her son after he got injured in a game of peek-a-boo?	To the I-C-U!
Did you hear about the bread factory burning down?	They say the business is toast.
Did you hear about the chameleon who couldn't change color?	He had a reptile dysfunction.
Did you hear about the cheese factory that exploded in France?	There was nothing left but de Brie.
Did you hear about the cow who jumped over the barbed wire fence?	It was udder destruction.
Did you hear about the lady who invented Lifesavers?	They say she made a mint.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off?	He's all right now.
Did you hear about the Mexican train killer?	He had loco motives.
Did you hear about the new restaurant on the moon?	The food is great, but there's just no atmosphere.
Did you hear about the runner who was criticized?	He took it in stride.
Did you hear about the scientist who was lab partners with a pot of boiling water?	She had a very esteemed colleague.
Did you hear about the submarine industry?	It really took a dive.
Did you hear about the two thieves who stole a calendar?	They each got six months.
Did you hear that David lost his ID on vacation?	Now we just have to call him Dav.
Did you hear that the police have a warrant out on a midget psychic ripping people off?	It reads “Small medium at large.”
Did you hear the joke about the wandering nun?	She was a roamin' Catholic.
Did you hear the one about the guy with the broken hearing aid?	Neither did he.
Did you know crocodiles could grow up to 15 feet?	But most just have 4.
Did you know that neutrinos have Mass?	I didn't even know they were Catholic.
Why should you always take an extra pair of pants golfing?	Just in case you get a hole in one.
Do you know where you can get chicken broth in bulk?	The stock market.
Do you want a brief explanation of what an acorn is?	In a nutshell, it's an oak tree.
Why do bees hum?	Because they don't know the words.
Have you ever heard of a music group called Cellophane?	They mostly wrap.
Have you heard about corduroy pillows?	They're making headlines!
Have you heard of the band 1023MB?	They haven't got a gig yet.
Have you heard the rumor going around about butter?	Never mind; I shouldn't spread it.
Have you heard about the new restaurant called Karma?	There's no menu; you get what you deserve.
How are false teeth like stars?	They come out at night!
How can you tell that a vampire has a cold?	She starts coffin.
How come a man driving a train got struck by lightning?	He was a good conductor.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke was getting for Christmas?	He felt his presents.
How did the hipster burn the roof of her mouth?	She ate the pizza before it was cool.
How does a dyslexic poet write?	Inverse.
How does a French skeleton say hello?	Bone-jour.
How does a penguin build its house?	Igloos it together.
How do scientists freshen their breath?	With experi-mints!
How does the moon cut his hair?	Eclipse it.
How do hens stay fit?	They egg-cercise!
How do locomotives know where they're going?	Lots of training.
How do trees get on the internet?	They log on.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?	Look for fresh prints.
How do you fix a broken pizza?	With tomato paste.
How do you fix a damaged jack-o-lantern?	You use a pumpkin patch.
How do you get a baby alien to sleep?	You rocket.
How do you get two whales in a car?	Start in England and drive west.
How do you know if there's an elephant under your bed?	Your head hits the ceiling!
How do you make a hankie dance?	Put a little boogie in it.
How do you make holy water?	You boil the hell out of it.
How do you organize a space party?	You planet.
How do you steal a coat?	You jacket.
How do you tell the difference between a crocodile and an alligator?	You will see one later and one in a while.
How many apples grow on a tree?	All of them!
How many bones are in the human hand?	A handful of them.
How many hipsters does it take to change a light bulb?	Oh, it's a really obscure number. You've probably never heard of it.
How many South Americans does it take to change a light bulb?	A Brazilian!
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus?	Ten-tickles!
How much does a hipster weigh?	An instagram.
How was the snow globe feeling after the storm?	A little shaken.
When is the pool safe for diving?	It deep ends.
Want to hear a chimney joke?	I've got stacks of 'em! First one's on the house!
Want to hear a joke about construction?	Nah; I'm still working on it.
Want to hear my pizza joke?	Never mind; it's too cheesy.
What animal is at every baseball game?	A bat.
What are the strongest days of the week?	Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays.
What biscuit does a short person like?	Shortbread.
What cheese can never be yours?	Nacho cheese.
What creature is smarter than a talking parrot?	A spelling bee.
What did celery say when he broke up with his girlfriend?	She wasn't right for me, so I really don't carrot all.
What did Michael Jackson name his denim store?	Billy Jeans!
What did one nut say as he chased another nut?	I'm a cashew!
What did one plate say to the other plate?	Dinner is on me!
What did one wall say to the other wall?	I'll meet you at the corner!
What did the 0 say to the 8?	Nice belt.
What did the beaver say to the tree?	It's been nice gnawing you.
What did the big flower say to the littler flower?	Hi, bud!
What did the Buffalo say to his little boy when he dropped him off at school?	Bison.
What did the calculator say to the student?	You can count on me.
What did the digital clock say to the grandfather clock?	Look, no hands!
What did the dog say to the two trees?	Bark bark.
What did the Dorito farmer say to the other Dorito farmer?	Cool ranch!
What did the grape do when he got stepped on?	He let out a little wine.
What did the judge say to the dentist?	Do you swear to pull the tooth, the whole tooth and nothing but the tooth?
What did the late tomato say to the early tomato?	I'll ketch up!
What did the left eye say to the right eye?	Between us, something smells!
What did the mountain climber name her son?	Cliff.
What did the ocean say to the beach?	Thanks for all the sediment.
What did the ocean say to the shore?	Nothing; it just waved.
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday?	Aye matey!
What did the red light say to the green light?	Don't look at me; I'm changing!
What did the scarf say to the hat?	You go on ahead; I am going to hang around a bit longer.
What did the shy pebble wish for?	That she was a little boulder.
What did the Zen Buddhist say to the hotdog vendor?	Make me one with everything.
What do birds give out on Halloween?	Tweets.
What does a clock do when it's hungry?	It goes back four seconds!
What does a lady snake use for support?	A co-bra!
What does an angry pepper do?	It gets jalapeño face.
What does a pirate pay for his corn?	A buccaneer!
What do prisoners use to call each other?	Cell phones.
What do vegetarian zombies eat?	Grrrrrainnnnnssss!
What do you call a bear with no teeth?	A gummy bear!
What do you call a bee that lives in America?	A USB.
What do you call a boomerang that won't come back?	A stick.
What do you call a careful wolf?	Aware wolf.
What do you call a cow on a trampoline?	A milk shake!
What do you call a cow with no legs?	Ground beef.
What do you call a cow with two legs?	Lean beef.
What do you call a crowd of chess players bragging about their wins in a hotel lobby?	Chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.
What do you call a dad who has fallen through the ice?	A Popsicle.
What do you call a dictionary on drugs?	High definition.
What do you call a dog that can do magic tricks?	A labracadabrador!
What do you call a droid that takes the long way around?	R2 detour.
What do you call a duck that gets straight As?	A wise quacker.
What do you call a fake noodle?	An impasta.
What do you call a fashionable lawn statue with an excellent sense of rhythm?	A metro-gnome!
What do you call a fat psychic?	A four-chin teller.
What do you call a fly without wings?	A walk.
What do you call a girl between two posts?	Annette.
What do you call a gorilla wearing headphones?	Anything you'd like; it can't hear you.
What do you call a group of disorganized cats?	A cat-astrophe.
What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments?	An Orca-stra.
What do you call a guy lying on your doorstep?	Matt.
What do you call a monkey in a mine field?	A babooooom!
What do you call an alligator in a vest?	An in-vest-igator!
What do you call an Argentinian with a rubber toe?	Roberto!
What do you call an eagle who can play the piano?	Talonted!
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter?	An irrelephant.
What do you call a nervous javelin thrower?	Shakespeare.
What do you call an old snowman?	Water.
What do you call a pig that knows karate?	A pork chop!
What do you call a pig with three eyes?	Piiig!
What do you call a pile of cats?	A Meowntain!
What do you call a sheep with no legs?	A cloud.
What do you call a troublesome Canadian high schooler?	A poutine.
What do you call cheese by itself?	Provolone.
What do you call corn that joins the army?	Kernel.
What do you call someone with no nose?	Nobody nose!
What do you call two barracuda fish?	A pairacuda!
What do you do on a remote island?	Try to find the TV island it belongs to.
What do you do when your bunny gets wet?	You get your hare dryer.
What do you get hanging from apple trees?	Sore arms.
What do you get if you put a duck in a cement mixer?	Quacks in the pavement.
What do you get when you cross a bee and a sheep?	A bah-humbug.
What do you get when you cross a chicken with a skunk?	A fowl smell!
What do you get when you cross a rabbit with a water hose?	Hare spray.
What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire?	Frostbite.
What do you give a sick lemon?	Lemonaid.
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down?	It gets toad.
What happens when you anger a brain surgeon?	He'll give you a piece of your mind.
What has ears but cannot hear?	A field of corn.
What is a centipede's favorite Beatles song?	I want to hold your hand, hand, hand, hand...
What is a tornado's favorite game to play?	Twister!
What is a vampire's favorite fruit?	A blood orange.
What is a witch's favorite subject in school?	Spelling!
What is bread's favorite number?	Leaven.
What is the hardest part about sky diving?	The ground.
What is the leading cause of dry skin?	Towels.
Why is the library the tallest building in the world?	Because it's got the most stories!
What is the movie Jurassic Park about?	It's about 2 hours long.
What kind of award did the dentist receive?	A little plaque.
What kind of bagel can fly?	A plain bagel.
What kind of dinosaur loves to sleep?	A stega-snore-us.
What kind of dog lives in a particle accelerator?	A Fermilabrador Retriever.
What kind of magic do cows believe in?	Moodoo!
What kind of music do mummies like?	Rap!
What kind of music do planets listen to?	Nep-tunes!
What kind of pants do ghosts wear?	Boo jeans.
What kind of tree fits in your hand?	A palm tree!
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches?	A nervous wreck.
What musical instrument is found in the bathroom?	A tuba toothpaste.
What rhymes with orange?	No it doesn't. 
What's 50 Cent's name in Zimbabwe?	200 Dollar.
What's black and white and red all over?	The newspaper.
What's blue and not very heavy?	Light blue.
What's brown and sounds like a bell?	Dung.
What's brown and sticky?	A stick.
What's E.T. short for?	He's only got little legs.
What's Forest Gump's Facebook password?	1forest1
What's orange and sounds like a parrot?	A carrot.
What's red and bad for your teeth?	A brick.
What's the advantage of living in Switzerland?	Well, the flag is a big plus!
What's the best thing about elevator jokes?	They work on so many levels.
What's the difference between a guitar and a fish?	You can tune a guitar, but you can't tuna fish!
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo?	One is really heavy; the other is a little lighter.
What's the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant?	About 5000 miles.
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well dressed man on a bicycle?	Attire.
What's the longest word in the dictionary?	Smiles. Because there's a mile between the two "S"s.
What's the worst thing about ancient history class?	The teachers tend to Babylon.
What time did the man go to the dentist?	Tooth hurt-y!
Why does Dad have trouble keeping track of time?	It keeps changing!
What type of music do balloons hate?	Pop music!
What was a more important invention than the first telephone?	The second one!
What was awarded to the inventor of the knock-knock joke?	A no bell prize!
When do doctors get angry?	When they run out of patients!
When does a joke become a dad joke?	When it becomes apparent!
When is a door not a door?	When it's ajar!
What did Dad say after Mom told him to stop impersonating a flamingo?	"I have to put my foot down!"
Where did you learn to make ice cream?	Sundae School!
Where does Fonzie like to go for lunch?	Chick-Fil-Eyyyyyyyy.
Where does Napoleon keep his armies?	In his sleevies!
Where do hamburgers go to dance?	The meat-ball.
Where do rabbits go after they get married?	On a bunny-moon.
Where do sheep go to get their hair cut?	The baa-baa shop!
Where do young cows eat lunch?	In the calf-eteria.
What did Dad say when I asked him where the bin is?	He said "Bin? I haven't been anywhere!"
What is the fastest growing city in the world?	Dublin!
Which side of the chicken has more feathers?	The outside!
Whom did the ghost marry?	His ghoul-friend!
Who is the coolest doctor in the hospital?	The hip doctor!
Why are fish easy to weigh?	Because they have their own scales.
Why are fish so smart?	Because they live in schools!
Why are ghosts bad liars?	Because you can see right through them!
Why are mummies scared of vacation?	They're afraid to unwind!
Why are oranges the smartest fruit?	Because they are made to concentrate.
Why are pirates called pirates?	Because they arrr!
Why are skeletons so calm?	Because nothing gets under their skin.
Why can't a bicycle stand on its own?	It's two-tired!
Why can't your nose be 12 inches long?	Because then it'd be a foot!
Why can't you use "beef stew" as a password?	Because it's not stroganoff.
Why couldn't the kid see the pirate movie?	Because it was rated arrr!
Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie?	He was too far out, man.
Why did Dracula lie in the wrong coffin?	He made a grave mistake.
Why didn't the number 4 get into the nightclub?	Because he is 2 square!
Why didn't the orange win the race?	It ran out of juice.
Why didn't the skeleton cross the road?	Because he had no guts.
Why did the barber win the race?	He took a short cut.
Why did the belt go to prison?	He held up a pair of pants!
Why did the burglar hang his mugshot on the wall?	To prove that he was framed!
Why did the chicken get a penalty?	For fowl play!
Why did the pony ask for a glass of water?	Because he was a little horse!
Why did the coffee file a police report?	It got mugged.
Why did the cookie cry?	It was feeling crumby.
Why did the cowboy have a wiener dog?	Somebody told him to get a long little doggy.
Why did the fireman wear red, white, and blue suspenders?	To hold his pants up.
Why did the girl smear peanut butter on the road?	To go with the traffic jam.
Why did the half blind woman fall in the well?	Because she couldn't see that well!
Why did the house go to the doctor?	It was having window panes.
Why did the kid cross the playground?	To get to the other slide.
Why did the kid throw the clock out the window?	He wanted to see time fly!
Why did the man put his money in the freezer?	He wanted cold hard cash!
Why did the man run around his bed?	Because he was trying to catch up on his sleep!
Why did the melons plan a big wedding?	Because they cantaloupe!
Why did the octopus beat the shark in a fight?	Because it was well armed.
Why did the opera singer go sailing?	She wanted to hit the high Cs.
Why did the scarecrow win an award?	Because he was outstanding in his field.
Why did the teddy bear say no to dessert?	Because she was stuffed.
Why did the tomato blush?	Because it saw the salad dressing.
Why did the tree go to the dentist?	It needed a root canal.
Why did the worker get fired from the orange juice factory?	Lack of concentration!
Why do bananas have to put on sunscreen before they go to the beach?	Because they might peel!
Why do bears have hairy coats?	Fur protection!
Why do bees have sticky hair?	Because they use honey combs!
Why do bees hum?	Because they don't know the words.
Why do birds fly south for the winter?	Because it's too far to walk.
Why do choirs keep buckets handy?	So they can carry their tune.
Why do crabs never give to charity?	Because they're shellfish.
Why do ducks make great detectives?	They always quack the case.
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors?	Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan!
Why does a Moon rock taste better than an Earth rock?	Because it's a little meteor!
Why does it take longer to get from 2nd to 3rd base than it does to get from 1st to 2nd base?	Because there's a shortstop in between!
Why does Norway have barcodes on their battleships?	So when they get back to port, they can Scandinavian.
Why does Superman get invited to dinners?	Because he is a Supperhero.
Why does Waldo only wear stripes?	Because he doesn't want to be spotted!
Why do mathematicians hate the U.S.?	Because it's indivisible!
Why don't seagulls fly over the bay?	Because then they'd be bay-gulls!
Why don't sharks eat clowns?	Because they taste funny.
Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating?	Because they have nobody to go with.
Why do pirates not know the alphabet?	They always get stuck at "C".
Why do scuba divers fall backward into the water?	Because if they fell forward they'd still be in the boat.
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days?	Dunno; they're just a bit shady.
Why do valley girls hang out in odd numbered groups?	Because they can't even.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees?	Because they're so good at it.
Why is it so windy inside an arena?	All those fans.
Why is no one friends with Dracula?	Because he's a pain in the neck.
Why is Peter Pan always flying?	Because he Neverlands!
Why is the new Kindle screen textured to look like paper?	So you feel write at home.
Why is the ocean always blue?	Because the shore never waves back.
Why is there a gate around cemeteries?	Because people are dying to get in.
Why should you never trust a pig with a secret?	Because it's bound to squeal.
Why was it called the dark ages?	Because of all the knights.
Why was Pavlov's beard so soft?	Because he conditioned it.
Why was Santa's little helper feeling depressed?	Because he has low elf esteem!
Why was six afraid of seven?	Because seven ate nine.
Why was the big cat disqualified from the race?	Because she was a cheetah.
Why was the broom late for the meeting?	He overswept.
Why was the picture sent to prison?	It was framed.
What did Dad say after putting the car in reverse?	"Ah, this takes me back!"
Why is it against the rules to stay up too late?	Because it's illegal to resist a rest!
"Dad, can you tell me what a solar eclipse is?"	"No sun."
What is a ghost's favorite fruit?	Boo-berries!
What do you do with a dead chemist?	Barium!
Why did the dog get arrested?   He had unpaid barking tickets.
What do you call a monkey with a zebra?   A chimp-and-zee!
